This is an auditorium or a theater where a group of ghosts play out a murder mystery which the players will have to listen to and solve.
The players see:
    When you step into the room, you see a large theater with a stage at the opposite side of the entrence and two rows of stone benches leading down to the stage. As you move out into
    the room, you see a group of ghosts entering the stage through the back wall, each dressed in fine cloathing, as if from a 1500 Shakespeareian theatre, and they inform you they will
    present a mystery you wil have to solve. You will be presented with a murder mystery and must choose a killer. You will be allowed to ask them one question each, as if you where one
    of the guards, and one of the suspects will answer as if you had really asked them.
    They start to play out a scene.
    You understand the play is of a group of friends whom have gathered after a long time of not seeing eachother. The host has invited them to his
    castle, and after a night sleeping over they find one of the guests dead in her room. The local guards are called and they examin the room of the
    victim before calling the guests together for questioning. The victim has been killed by repeated strikes from a blunt object, but the guards also
    find two small holes in the upper arm. When questioning the people in the castle, the guards ask two questions. First what the person did during the
    night, and second what the relationship between the person and the victim was.
    The Host:
        1. I got served some food by my butler, then spendt the night working and reading in my study because I couldn't sleep.
        2. We where great friends. Infact we have meet multiple times over the years to hang out.
    The Butler:
        1. I served my master some food and coffee, before I went to bed and slept all night. I awoke early and went to the kitchen, where I found Guest 2 eating,
        so I started preparing breakfast for everyone else.
        2. I had no real relation to her before tonight. Infact I havent met any of the guests before tonight.
    Guest 1:
        1. I was awoken by a cat outside the window, so I went to the livingroom to find a log, and threw it at the cat. In the morning I arose to eat the breakfast
        prepared by the butler.
        2. We had a falling out a long time ago, but we got over it and have been friendly whenever we meet.
    Guest 2:
        1. I slept all night and got up early, before everyone else. As the castle seemed warmer than I expected for a stone building, I was tempted to get som food,
        so I went to the kitchen and made myself some bread, fruit and eggs. After a little while, I was joined by the butler, whom started making food for the
        others aswell
        2. We bearly knew eachother outside of this group, but I didn't like her that much. What happened to her was dreadfull though.
    Guest 3:
        1. I woke to a thud outside the window, like something heavy was thrown. After some time, while trying to sleep, I heard someone walking outside, but I must
        have fallen asleep right afterwords, because I never heard that person comming back inside.
        2. We where good friend, this whole ordeal is horrible.
    Guest 4:
        1. I slept badly, so I went for a walk outside to get some air. After some time I went inside again to try to sleep some more, and I noticed it had gotten
        warmer than when I went outside. So I went to the kitchen to grab a bite, some fruit and nuts, before I got back to bed. I got up late, right before breakfast.
        2. We where great friends for some time, but lately I haven't had the time to see her that often. It's a bit sad now really.
    Guest 5:
        1. I went to bed early, and slept through the night. In the morning I arose late, after being called for breakfast.
        2. She was a friend, but I never really had that much to do with her.
    Guest 6:
        1. I went to bed early, and slept through the night. In the morning I arose late, after being called for breakfast.
        2. She was one of my best friends early in life, but we drifted a little appart sadly.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 