The Bank:

Location:
	- Bank
		Four floors and 2 other areas: U2 - Sewers, U1 - vault, E1 - entreance, E2 - offices, E3 - hangout and office of Jessie James, E4 - Roof
		- U2: Filled with water, but lead to a U1 or E1 through grates. Murray is to large to fit through here, Bently is a vegitable and his chair is unpractical to bring in here.
		- U1: Steps down from E1, long hall with a buff guard patrolling and a giant steel door into the vault. The door has a code lock found in E3 in a picture, and a 4th level alarm spell on it which 
			  needs to be dispelled. The vault is large with drawers filled with gold bars. There is also a small wooden cart to move gold there.
		- Outside: Here there are people coming and going, and a large entrence to the bank. There are two guards at the entrence who makes sure weapons aren't brought into the bank. At the sides and
				   back of the building there are windows and holes in the wall, letting Sly scale the building, using about 12 min if passing DC 15 Dex check. The walls are 30 meters high. There is a
				   single buff guard patrolling the building, walking around the building in 30 min.
		- E1: The main hall of the bank and also the normal entrence for customers. A large hall with a long desk area stretching across the whole room except for three gates, one at each wall and one 
		      in the midle of the room. There are employees working for the bank an queue in front of each desk. There are INTERPOL in each corner of the room and a guard at each side of both entrences.
			  At the back of the room there is two stairs, one leading up to E2 and one down to U1.
		- E2: Long hall with lots of offices where people work. There are also two minions, one buff and one melee, patrolling. Most of these work with banking but some also help whitewash money and if
			  looking through these offices it is possible to find evidence of the robberies where most of the banks money come from. Carmelita can be found in one of these offices talking with two of her
			  INTERPOL employees. She will patrol E2 and E1 every hour in real life time. This takes about 5 min. There is also a set of stairs up to next floor and a cupboard.
		- E3: HQ of Jessie James, Carmelita is not allowed here. The floor is a short corridor to a locked door with a guard standing in front of it. This door can be picked open(DC20), and inside is an
			  empty office of Jessie. There is a large landscape painting on one of the walls with a code in it. There is also a desk with incriminating paper, a cupboard with spirits and a few bookshelf
			  with lots of books. A large carpet on the floor. In the roof there is a large window, leading to the roof. Jessie visits for 10 min every real life even number half hour(f.ex. 14:30 or
			  02:30).
		- E4: Window into Jessie's office and four ranged guards patrolling.


Going to the Bank in the day:
You walk to the bank near the south western entrence of the city and find yourself in a large square. Most of the open square is taken up by the bank, a large stone building with marble stairs leading
up to a two giant wooden doors. Stone pilars decorate the front and hold a roof over the entrence, and the back of the building almost joins with the much lower houses beihind it to create a backalley.
People are walking up and down the square, some visiting the bank, others simply passing through. While you stand there, you see a weasel dressed in a black suite with white vertical stipes come out of
the bank and walk towards the eastern exit of the square. You recognice this person as Jessie James, the owner of the bank.(Hook to follow him)
Walking to the entrence you see two guards(one buff, one melee) at the entrence of the bank taking care of weaponry. There is also a single buff guard patrolling around the outside of the bank.
Inside the main hall you see a large room with a long desk streaching from one side to the other, split by three gates, one on each wall and a double gate in the middel. There are four lines of people
and four employees behind the desk taking care of the customers in each line. At the back of the room there is a set of stairs leading up and down to other floors. There are five bank guards, on each
side of the entrences(two buff, two ranged, one melee), and four police officers, one in each corner.


Going to the Bank at night:
You sneak to the bank near the south western entrence of the city and find yourself in a large square. Most of the open square is taken up by the bank, a large stone building with marble stairs leading
up to a two giant wooden doors. Stone pilars decorate the front and hold a roof over the entrence, and the back of the building almost joins with the much lower houses beihind it to create a backalley.
The square is almost empty of people and darknes obscures most of it except the front of the bank and some of the houses along the edges. These are lit by a torches hanging on the walls.
Walking to the entrence you see two guards(one buff, one melee) at the entrence of the bank. One is almost sleeping and the other is looking bored. There is also a single buff guard patrolling around
the outside of the bank. You are not allowed to go inside.


If the guards are beat up, there is only one guard in front of the building, one directly inside the main entrence and two at the stairs in E1. There is also only one guard in E2, and the first call for
backup that Jessie might use will fail. The amount of Gorillas are the same.